2Automated License Plate character recognition using KNN & CNN (ALPCR) is the method which will recognise the license plate accurately.
SB
In this , Image preprocessing is the initial step, in which we perform 
1. extrating the image 
2. resizing 
3. converting img to gray 
4. blurring img 
5. thershing the image 
6. detecting and drawing contours
all these things removes noise from image 
 
Further we perform character recognition 
Character recognition is the final stage in vehicle license plate detection and recognition, where it reads the individual characters and numbers.
This process is consist of two parts
1) OCR Segmentation
Single elements on the license plate should be classified and examined.
2) OCR Recognition
Takes segmented charaters/ numbers from license plate and try to match it with training set with high accuracy using knn

The license numbers were recognized from the extracted license plate with the help of character segmentation approach,
further it is learned and recognized accurately by making use of KNN classifier.

Purpose:
The ultimate solution of this project is to detect and recognize the alphanumeric characters using OCR(Optimal character recognition)
and print the expected the characters & numbers of two wheeler License Plate Number.

problems / how ur pro is diff:
Most of the developed techniques work under specific conditions such as image capturing angle, illumination, stationary background and use diff algo
which provides less accuracy
All the given LPR techniques vary on the basis of processing time, required computational power and accuracy. 

The k-nearest neighbours algorithm (k-NN) is considered as a non-parametric method in the pattern recognition, which is utilized for classification and regression.

reference:-
The Journal of Lanzhou industry college, International Journal of Signal Processing, Image Processing and Pattern Recognition, International Journal of Multimedia 
and Ubiquitous Engineering. 